This is the story of Hapu.
He lives in ancient Egypt at the time of Queen Cleopatra.
His father, back, has a small factory.
He makes gold tables and chairs.
Hapu helps him.
He is a fireboy.
Every day, he pushes a long handle up and down.
The work is hot, and it's very hard.
But what can he and his father do?
They are poor people.
They need to make money.
Every evening, they sit beside the Nile.
Back talks to his son about the factory.
Tomorrow's work, everything.
One day, we're going to be very rich, he tells Hapu.
Are we?
The fireboy looks into his father's tired eyes.
Yes.
Back smiles.
I don't know how, and I don't know when.
But we are.
Then he stands up.
Come on, he says.
It's late.
Let's go home.
Three days later, Hapu and back are making a table.
It's very hot in the room.
Suddenly, back stops work.
What is it, father?
Hapu asks, is something wrong?
I don't know.
Back answers.
He closes his eyes.
It's my head.
I can't.
And then, he falls on the ground.
Father?
Hapu runs to back and puts one hand under his head.
Father, are you all right?
The next day, back stays in bed.
I'm sorry, Hapu.
He says, I want to work, but I can't.
I'm ill.
Hapu is very sad.
Father works too hard, he thinks.
That's why he's ill.
We need more money.
But what can I do?
Then, he has an idea.
Of course, he thinks.
I must make something for somebody very rich.
Somebody like the queen.
Back is ill for two weeks.
In that time, Hapu makes a lot of tables and chairs.
But not only tables and chairs.
He makes a gold necklace too.
There, he thinks late one night.
It's ready.
He smiles.
The necklace is very beautiful.
Queen Cleopatra is going to like this, Hapu thinks.
She's going to pay a lot of money for it too.
I know she is.
The next morning, he goes to Cleopatra's palace.
The necklace is in a bag under his shirt.
What do you want asks a palace guard?
There are two guards.
Each one has a sword.
I want to see the queen, Hapu answers.
Both guards laugh.
Go home boy.
Says one of them.
Queen Cleopatra doesn't see people like you.
Hapu is very unhappy.
What do I do now?
He thinks.
He leaves the palace and begins to walk home.
But ten minutes later, he passes two men in the market.
Cleopatra's women are coming here tomorrow morning, says one.
They're arriving very early.
They want to buy lots of new clothes for her.
That's very good news, Hapu thinks.
The next day, the fire boy gets up very early.
He makes a cup of sweet tea for back.
Then he goes to the market.
I can give the necklace to Cleopatra's women, he thinks.
They can give it to the queen for me.
He waits and waits.
For a long time, nothing happens.
Then, music starts to play.
A moment later, Hapu sees a long line of people.
They are coming from the palace.
Four men are carrying a very beautiful chair.
A woman is sitting in it.
Hapu puts one hand across his eyes.
It's the queen, he thinks.
She's coming too.
A minute later, Cleopatra arrives.
Suddenly, everyone is very quiet.
Then, Hapu thinks, this is the moment.
He runs in front of Cleopatra's chair.
Stop, he says. Please stop.
The queen looks at him.
What do you want? She asks.
Hapu gives her the necklace.
Is this really your work?
Asked Cleopatra?
Yes, yes it is. Hapu answers.
Gods, says Cleopatra.
Give this boy some money.
She holds the necklace in her hands.
This is beautiful, she says.
Then, she leads.
Hapu runs home.
He is very, very happy.
That isn't bad.
Look, Hapu says.
He shows the money from Cleopatra's necklace to his father.
But howl?
Buck closes his eyes, then opens them again.
I don't understand, he says.
Hapu smiles.
He sits down and tells his father everything.
At the end of the story, Buck says,
you're a good son, Hapu.
Thank you.
That night, Hapu looks up at the stars.
Now, I can pay for a doctor to visit father, he thinks.
Then, after father is strong again,
but at that moment, he stops.
One of Cleopatra's gods is standing in front of him.
He has a big sword.
Are you Hapu, son of Buck?
He asks.
Hapu looks at him.
Yes. Yes, I am.
He answers.
Come with me, says the god.
Queen Cleopatra likes your work.
She wants to give you a job at the palace.
But I have a job, Hapu says.
I work with my father.
I can't leave him.
You don't understand.
No. You don't understand, the god says.
When the queen gives you a job, you take it.
He puts one hand on his sword.
Now, go and say goodbye to your father.
At the palace, Cleopatra talks to Hapu.
She is wearing his necklace.
I want you to live here and make lots of beautiful things for me, she says.
Thank you, queen of the Nile, Hapu says.
But...
But the queen looks at Hapu.
But I can't live here.
You see, my father is very ill and...
Hapu tells the queen everything.
At the end of Hapu's story, Cleopatra looks at him.
All right, she says.
You can go home to your father.
But...
But asks Hapu.
But from today, the two of you work only for me.
Do you understand?
Oh, yes, Hapu smiles.
He is very happy.
Now, he and his father can make lots of beautiful things and be rich.
Yes, I understand.